src/generated/cloud/binaryauthorization/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Binary Authorization API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**WARNING:** this crate is under active development. We expect multiple breaking
changes in the upcoming releases. Testing is also incomplete, we do **not**
recommend that you use this crate in production. We welcome feedback about the
APIs, documentation, missing features, bugs, etc.

The management interface for Binary Authorization, a system providing
policy control for images deployed to Kubernetes Engine clusters, Anthos
clusters on VMware, and Cloud Run.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [BinauthzManagementServiceV1]
- [SystemPolicyV1]
- [ValidationHelperV1]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1/latest/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1)

[BinauthzManagementServiceV1]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1/latest/google_cloud_binaryauthorization_v1/client/struct.BinauthzManagementServiceV1.html
[SystemPolicyV1]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1/latest/google_cloud_binaryauthorization_v1/client/struct.SystemPolicyV1.html
[ValidationHelperV1]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1/latest/google_cloud_binaryauthorization_v1/client/struct.ValidationHelperV1.html

Commit message:

impl(generator): update generate crate docs (#2490)
Most crates are stable and complete, and their implementation is tested.
Update the generated docs to say so.

src/generated/cloud/binaryauthorization/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Binary Authorization API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**FEEDBACK WANTED:** We believe the APIs in this crate are stable, and
do not anticipate any breaking changes are needed. We are looking for
feedback before labeling the APIs "1.0". Changes (even breaking changes)
are still possible, but not expected.

We also believe the implementation is ready for production, bugs are
still possible, but not expected.

The management interface for Binary Authorization, a system providing
policy control for images deployed to Kubernetes Engine clusters, Anthos
clusters on VMware, and Cloud Run.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [BinauthzManagementServiceV1]
- [SystemPolicyV1]
- [ValidationHelperV1]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1/latest/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1)

[BinauthzManagementServiceV1]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1/latest/google_cloud_binaryauthorization_v1/client/struct.BinauthzManagementServiceV1.html
[SystemPolicyV1]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1/latest/google_cloud_binaryauthorization_v1/client/struct.SystemPolicyV1.html
[ValidationHelperV1]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-binaryauthorization-v1/latest/google_cloud_binaryauthorization_v1/client/struct.ValidationHelperV1.html
