src/generated/cloud/rapidmigrationassessment/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Rapid Migration Assessment API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**FEEDBACK WANTED:** We believe the APIs in this crate are stable, and
do not anticipate any breaking changes are needed. We are looking for
feedback before labeling the APIs "1.0". Changes (even breaking changes)
are still possible, but not expected.

We also believe the implementation is ready for production, bugs are
still possible, but not expected.

The Rapid Migration Assessment service is our first-party migration
assessment and planning tool.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [RapidMigrationAssessment]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-rapidmigrationassessment-v1/latest/google-cloud-rapidmigrationassessment-v1)

[RapidMigrationAssessment]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-rapidmigrationassessment-v1/latest/google_cloud_rapidmigrationassessment_v1/client/struct.RapidMigrationAssessment.html

Commit message:

docs: declare all libraries as GA (#3186)

src/generated/cloud/rapidmigrationassessment/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Rapid Migration Assessment API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->


The Rapid Migration Assessment service is our first-party migration
assessment and planning tool.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [RapidMigrationAssessment]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-rapidmigrationassessment-v1/latest/google-cloud-rapidmigrationassessment-v1)

[RapidMigrationAssessment]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-rapidmigrationassessment-v1/latest/google_cloud_rapidmigrationassessment_v1/client/struct.RapidMigrationAssessment.html
