# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Cloud Data Fusion API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

Cloud Data Fusion is a fully-managed, cloud native, enterprise data
integration service for     quickly building and managing data pipelines.
It provides a graphical interface to increase     time efficiency and
reduce complexity, and allows business users, developers, and data
scientists to easily and reliably build scalable data integration
solutions to cleanse,     prepare, blend, transfer and transform data
without having to wrestle with infrastructure.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [DataFusion]

## Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([aws-lc-rs]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [ring] crate)
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::crypto::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-datafusion-v1/1.5.0)

[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[DataFusion]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-datafusion-v1/1.5.0/google_cloud_datafusion_v1/client/struct.DataFusion.html
