src/generated/cloud/gkemulticloud/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - GKE Multi-Cloud API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**WARNING:** this crate is under active development. We expect multiple breaking
changes in the upcoming releases. Testing is also incomplete, we do **not**
recommend that you use this crate in production. We welcome feedback about the
APIs, documentation, missing features, bugs, etc.

GKE Multi-Cloud provides a way to manage Kubernetes clusters that run on
AWS and Azure infrastructure using the GKE Multi-Cloud API.  Combined with
Connect, you can manage Kubernetes clusters on Google Cloud, AWS, and
Azure from the Google Cloud Console.

When you create a cluster with GKE Multi-Cloud, Google creates the
resources needed and brings up a cluster on your behalf.  You can deploy
workloads with the GKE Multi-Cloud API or the gcloud and kubectl
command-line tools.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [AttachedClusters]
- [AwsClusters]
- [AzureClusters]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1/latest/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1)

[AttachedClusters]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1/latest/google_cloud_gkemulticloud_v1/client/struct.AttachedClusters.html
[AwsClusters]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1/latest/google_cloud_gkemulticloud_v1/client/struct.AwsClusters.html
[AzureClusters]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1/latest/google_cloud_gkemulticloud_v1/client/struct.AzureClusters.html

Commit message:

impl(generator): update generate crate docs (#2490)
Most crates are stable and complete, and their implementation is tested.
Update the generated docs to say so.

src/generated/cloud/gkemulticloud/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - GKE Multi-Cloud API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**FEEDBACK WANTED:** We believe the APIs in this crate are stable, and
do not anticipate any breaking changes are needed. We are looking for
feedback before labeling the APIs "1.0". Changes (even breaking changes)
are still possible, but not expected.

We also believe the implementation is ready for production, bugs are
still possible, but not expected.

GKE Multi-Cloud provides a way to manage Kubernetes clusters that run on
AWS and Azure infrastructure using the GKE Multi-Cloud API.  Combined with
Connect, you can manage Kubernetes clusters on Google Cloud, AWS, and
Azure from the Google Cloud Console.

When you create a cluster with GKE Multi-Cloud, Google creates the
resources needed and brings up a cluster on your behalf.  You can deploy
workloads with the GKE Multi-Cloud API or the gcloud and kubectl
command-line tools.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [AttachedClusters]
- [AwsClusters]
- [AzureClusters]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1/latest/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1)

[AttachedClusters]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1/latest/google_cloud_gkemulticloud_v1/client/struct.AttachedClusters.html
[AwsClusters]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1/latest/google_cloud_gkemulticloud_v1/client/struct.AwsClusters.html
[AzureClusters]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-gkemulticloud-v1/latest/google_cloud_gkemulticloud_v1/client/struct.AzureClusters.html
