src/generated/cloud/ids/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Cloud IDS API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**WARNING:** this crate is under active development. We expect multiple breaking
changes in the upcoming releases. Testing is also incomplete, we do **not**
recommend that you use this crate in production. We welcome feedback about the
APIs, documentation, missing features, bugs, etc.

Cloud IDS (Cloud Intrusion Detection System) detects malware, spyware,
command-and-control attacks, and other network-based threats. Its security
efficacy is industry leading, built with Palo Alto Networks technologies.
When you use this product, your organization name and consumption levels
will be shared with Palo Alto Networks.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [Ids]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-ids-v1/latest/google-cloud-ids-v1)

[Ids]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-ids-v1/latest/google_cloud_ids_v1/client/struct.Ids.html

Commit message:

impl(generator): update generate crate docs (#2490)
Most crates are stable and complete, and their implementation is tested.
Update the generated docs to say so.

src/generated/cloud/ids/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Cloud IDS API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**FEEDBACK WANTED:** We believe the APIs in this crate are stable, and
do not anticipate any breaking changes are needed. We are looking for
feedback before labeling the APIs "1.0". Changes (even breaking changes)
are still possible, but not expected.

We also believe the implementation is ready for production, bugs are
still possible, but not expected.

Cloud IDS (Cloud Intrusion Detection System) detects malware, spyware,
command-and-control attacks, and other network-based threats. Its security
efficacy is industry leading, built with Palo Alto Networks technologies.
When you use this product, your organization name and consumption levels
will be shared with Palo Alto Networks.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [Ids]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-ids-v1/latest/google-cloud-ids-v1)

[Ids]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-ids-v1/latest/google_cloud_ids_v1/client/struct.Ids.html
