src/generated/cloud/policysimulator/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Policy Simulator API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

Policy Simulator is a collection of endpoints for creating, running, and
viewing a [Replay][google.cloud.policysimulator.v1.Replay]. A `Replay` is
a type of simulation that lets you see how your members' access to
resources might change if you changed your IAM policy.

During a `Replay`, Policy Simulator re-evaluates, or replays, past access
attempts under both the current policy and your proposed policy, and
compares those results to determine how your members' access might change
under the
proposed policy.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [OrgPolicyViolationsPreviewService]
- [Simulator]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-policysimulator-v1/1.4.0)

[OrgPolicyViolationsPreviewService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-policysimulator-v1/1.4.0/google_cloud_policysimulator_v1/client/struct.OrgPolicyViolationsPreviewService.html
[Simulator]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-policysimulator-v1/1.4.0/google_cloud_policysimulator_v1/client/struct.Simulator.html

Commit message:

feat: allow applications to prune crypto providers (#4366)
With this change applications can prune the `rustls` crypto providers in all generated clients. The default provider may change over time, but applications can always make a selection by (1) disabling the crypto provider, and then (2) defining what provider to use in their code.

src/generated/cloud/policysimulator/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Policy Simulator API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

Policy Simulator is a collection of endpoints for creating, running, and
viewing a [Replay][google.cloud.policysimulator.v1.Replay]. A `Replay` is
a type of simulation that lets you see how your members' access to
resources might change if you changed your IAM policy.

During a `Replay`, Policy Simulator re-evaluates, or replays, past access
attempts under both the current policy and your proposed policy, and
compares those results to determine how your members' access might change
under the
proposed policy.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [OrgPolicyViolationsPreviewService]
- [Simulator]

## Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([ring]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [aws-lc-rs])
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-policysimulator-v1/1.4.0)

[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[OrgPolicyViolationsPreviewService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-policysimulator-v1/1.4.0/google_cloud_policysimulator_v1/client/struct.OrgPolicyViolationsPreviewService.html
[Simulator]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-policysimulator-v1/1.4.0/google_cloud_policysimulator_v1/client/struct.Simulator.html
