src/generated/cloud/privilegedaccessmanager/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Privileged Access Manager API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**WARNING:** this crate is under active development. We expect multiple breaking
changes in the upcoming releases. Testing is also incomplete, we do **not**
recommend that you use this crate in production. We welcome feedback about the
APIs, documentation, missing features, bugs, etc.

Privileged Access Manager (PAM) helps you on your journey towards least
privilege and helps mitigate risks tied to privileged access misuse or
abuse. PAM allows you to shift from always-on standing privileges towards
on-demand access with just-in-time, time-bound, and approval-based access
elevations. PAM allows IAM administrators to create entitlements that can
grant just-in-time, temporary access to any resource scope. Requesters can
explore eligible entitlements and request the access needed for their
task. Approvers are notified when approvals await their
decision. Streamlined workflows facilitated by using PAM can support
various use cases, including emergency access for incident responders,
time-boxed access for developers for critical deployment or maintenance,
temporary access for operators for data ingestion and audits, JIT access
to service accounts for automated tasks, and more.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [PrivilegedAccessManager]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-privilegedaccessmanager-v1/latest/google-cloud-privilegedaccessmanager-v1)

[PrivilegedAccessManager]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-privilegedaccessmanager-v1/latest/google_cloud_privilegedaccessmanager_v1/client/struct.PrivilegedAccessManager.html

Commit message:

impl(generator): update generate crate docs (#2490)
Most crates are stable and complete, and their implementation is tested.
Update the generated docs to say so.

src/generated/cloud/privilegedaccessmanager/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Privileged Access Manager API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**FEEDBACK WANTED:** We believe the APIs in this crate are stable, and
do not anticipate any breaking changes are needed. We are looking for
feedback before labeling the APIs "1.0". Changes (even breaking changes)
are still possible, but not expected.

We also believe the implementation is ready for production, bugs are
still possible, but not expected.

Privileged Access Manager (PAM) helps you on your journey towards least
privilege and helps mitigate risks tied to privileged access misuse or
abuse. PAM allows you to shift from always-on standing privileges towards
on-demand access with just-in-time, time-bound, and approval-based access
elevations. PAM allows IAM administrators to create entitlements that can
grant just-in-time, temporary access to any resource scope. Requesters can
explore eligible entitlements and request the access needed for their
task. Approvers are notified when approvals await their
decision. Streamlined workflows facilitated by using PAM can support
various use cases, including emergency access for incident responders,
time-boxed access for developers for critical deployment or maintenance,
temporary access for operators for data ingestion and audits, JIT access
to service accounts for automated tasks, and more.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [PrivilegedAccessManager]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-privilegedaccessmanager-v1/latest/google-cloud-privilegedaccessmanager-v1)

[PrivilegedAccessManager]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-privilegedaccessmanager-v1/latest/google_cloud_privilegedaccessmanager_v1/client/struct.PrivilegedAccessManager.html
