# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Privileged Access Manager API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

Privileged Access Manager (PAM) helps you on your journey towards least
privilege and helps mitigate risks tied to privileged access misuse or
abuse. PAM allows you to shift from always-on standing privileges towards
on-demand access with just-in-time, time-bound, and approval-based access
elevations. PAM allows IAM administrators to create entitlements that can
grant just-in-time, temporary access to any resource scope. Requesters can
explore eligible entitlements and request the access needed for their
task. Approvers are notified when approvals await their
decision. Streamlined workflows facilitated by using PAM can support
various use cases, including emergency access for incident responders,
time-boxed access for developers for critical deployment or maintenance,
temporary access for operators for data ingestion and audits, JIT access
to service accounts for automated tasks, and more.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [PrivilegedAccessManager]

## Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([ring]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [aws-lc-rs])
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-privilegedaccessmanager-v1/1.4.0)

[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[PrivilegedAccessManager]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-privilegedaccessmanager-v1/1.4.0/google_cloud_privilegedaccessmanager_v1/client/struct.PrivilegedAccessManager.html
