src/generated/cloud/beyondcorp/clientgateways/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - BeyondCorp API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

Beyondcorp Enterprise provides identity and context aware access controls
for enterprise resources and enables zero-trust access. Using the
Beyondcorp Enterprise APIs, enterprises can set up multi-cloud and on-prem
connectivity using the App Connector hybrid connectivity solution.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [ClientGatewaysService]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-beyondcorp-clientgateways-v1/1.4.0)

[ClientGatewaysService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-beyondcorp-clientgateways-v1/1.4.0/google_cloud_beyondcorp_clientgateways_v1/client/struct.ClientGatewaysService.html

Commit message:

feat: allow applications to prune crypto providers (#4366)
With this change applications can prune the `rustls` crypto providers in all generated clients. The default provider may change over time, but applications can always make a selection by (1) disabling the crypto provider, and then (2) defining what provider to use in their code.

src/generated/cloud/beyondcorp/clientgateways/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - BeyondCorp API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

Beyondcorp Enterprise provides identity and context aware access controls
for enterprise resources and enables zero-trust access. Using the
Beyondcorp Enterprise APIs, enterprises can set up multi-cloud and on-prem
connectivity using the App Connector hybrid connectivity solution.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [ClientGatewaysService]

## Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([ring]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [aws-lc-rs])
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-beyondcorp-clientgateways-v1/1.4.0)

[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[ClientGatewaysService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-beyondcorp-clientgateways-v1/1.4.0/google_cloud_beyondcorp_clientgateways_v1/client/struct.ClientGatewaysService.html
