src/generated/cloud/discoveryengine/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Discovery Engine API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**WARNING:** some RPCs have no corresponding Rust function to call them.
Typically these are streaming RPCs. We expect adding these RPCs in a
way that does not break the existing APIs or changes their behavior in a
significant way. We do anticipate a number of new crate dependencies
will be required. If you need these RPCs please open an issue in our
GitHub repository.

Discovery Engine API.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [AssistantService]: enabled by the `assistant-service` feature.
- [CmekConfigService]: enabled by the `cmek-config-service` feature.
- [CompletionService]: enabled by the `completion-service` feature.
- [ControlService]: enabled by the `control-service` feature.
- [ConversationalSearchService]: enabled by the `conversational-search-service` feature.
- [DataStoreService]: enabled by the `data-store-service` feature.
- [DocumentService]: enabled by the `document-service` feature.
- [EngineService]: enabled by the `engine-service` feature.
- [GroundedGenerationService]: enabled by the `grounded-generation-service` feature.
- [IdentityMappingStoreService]: enabled by the `identity-mapping-store-service` feature.
- [ProjectService]: enabled by the `project-service` feature.
- [RankService]: enabled by the `rank-service` feature.
- [RecommendationService]: enabled by the `recommendation-service` feature.
- [SchemaService]: enabled by the `schema-service` feature.
- [SearchService]: enabled by the `search-service` feature.
- [SearchTuningService]: enabled by the `search-tuning-service` feature.
- [ServingConfigService]: enabled by the `serving-config-service` feature.
- [SessionService]: enabled by the `session-service` feature.
- [SiteSearchEngineService]: enabled by the `site-search-engine-service` feature.
- [UserEventService]: enabled by the `user-event-service` feature.
- [UserLicenseService]: enabled by the `user-license-service` feature.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0)

[AssistantService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.AssistantService.html
[CmekConfigService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.CmekConfigService.html
[CompletionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.CompletionService.html
[ControlService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.ControlService.html
[ConversationalSearchService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.ConversationalSearchService.html
[DataStoreService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.DataStoreService.html
[DocumentService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.DocumentService.html
[EngineService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.EngineService.html
[GroundedGenerationService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.GroundedGenerationService.html
[IdentityMappingStoreService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.IdentityMappingStoreService.html
[ProjectService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.ProjectService.html
[RankService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.RankService.html
[RecommendationService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.RecommendationService.html
[SchemaService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SchemaService.html
[SearchService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SearchService.html
[SearchTuningService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SearchTuningService.html
[ServingConfigService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.ServingConfigService.html
[SessionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SessionService.html
[SiteSearchEngineService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SiteSearchEngineService.html
[UserEventService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.UserEventService.html
[UserLicenseService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.UserLicenseService.html

Commit message:

feat: allow applications to prune crypto providers (#4366)
With this change applications can prune the `rustls` crypto providers in all generated clients. The default provider may change over time, but applications can always make a selection by (1) disabling the crypto provider, and then (2) defining what provider to use in their code.

src/generated/cloud/discoveryengine/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Discovery Engine API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**WARNING:** some RPCs have no corresponding Rust function to call them.
Typically these are streaming RPCs. We expect adding these RPCs in a
way that does not break the existing APIs or changes their behavior in a
significant way. We do anticipate a number of new crate dependencies
will be required. If you need these RPCs please open an issue in our
GitHub repository.

Discovery Engine API.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [AssistantService]: enabled by the `assistant-service` feature.
- [CmekConfigService]: enabled by the `cmek-config-service` feature.
- [CompletionService]: enabled by the `completion-service` feature.
- [ControlService]: enabled by the `control-service` feature.
- [ConversationalSearchService]: enabled by the `conversational-search-service` feature.
- [DataStoreService]: enabled by the `data-store-service` feature.
- [DocumentService]: enabled by the `document-service` feature.
- [EngineService]: enabled by the `engine-service` feature.
- [GroundedGenerationService]: enabled by the `grounded-generation-service` feature.
- [IdentityMappingStoreService]: enabled by the `identity-mapping-store-service` feature.
- [ProjectService]: enabled by the `project-service` feature.
- [RankService]: enabled by the `rank-service` feature.
- [RecommendationService]: enabled by the `recommendation-service` feature.
- [SchemaService]: enabled by the `schema-service` feature.
- [SearchService]: enabled by the `search-service` feature.
- [SearchTuningService]: enabled by the `search-tuning-service` feature.
- [ServingConfigService]: enabled by the `serving-config-service` feature.
- [SessionService]: enabled by the `session-service` feature.
- [SiteSearchEngineService]: enabled by the `site-search-engine-service` feature.
- [UserEventService]: enabled by the `user-event-service` feature.
- [UserLicenseService]: enabled by the `user-license-service` feature.

## Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([ring]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [aws-lc-rs])
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.
- Each client can be enabled using its own feature. Use the client's name
  in `kebab-case` to enable the client.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0)

[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[AssistantService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.AssistantService.html
[CmekConfigService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.CmekConfigService.html
[CompletionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.CompletionService.html
[ControlService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.ControlService.html
[ConversationalSearchService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.ConversationalSearchService.html
[DataStoreService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.DataStoreService.html
[DocumentService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.DocumentService.html
[EngineService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.EngineService.html
[GroundedGenerationService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.GroundedGenerationService.html
[IdentityMappingStoreService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.IdentityMappingStoreService.html
[ProjectService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.ProjectService.html
[RankService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.RankService.html
[RecommendationService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.RecommendationService.html
[SchemaService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SchemaService.html
[SearchService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SearchService.html
[SearchTuningService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SearchTuningService.html
[ServingConfigService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.ServingConfigService.html
[SessionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SessionService.html
[SiteSearchEngineService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.SiteSearchEngineService.html
[UserEventService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.UserEventService.html
[UserLicenseService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-discoveryengine-v1/2.4.0/google_cloud_discoveryengine_v1/client/struct.UserLicenseService.html
