# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Long Running Operations API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->


**WARNING:** some RPCs have no corresponding Rust function to call them.
Typically these are streaming RPCs. We expect adding these RPCs in a
way that does not break the existing APIs or changes their behavior in a
significant way. We do anticipate a number of new crate dependencies
will be required. If you need these RPCs please open an issue in our
GitHub repository.

Defines types and an abstract service to handle long-running operations.

[Long-running operations] are a common pattern to handle methods that may take a
significant amount of time to execute. Many Google APIs return an `Operation`
message (defined in this crate) that are roughly analogous to a future. The
operation will eventually complete, though it may still return an error on
completion. The client libraries provide helpers to simplify polling of these
operations.

> This crate used to contain a different implementation, with a different
> surface. [@yoshidan](https://github.com/yoshidan) generously donated the crate
> name to Google. Their crate continues to live as [gcloud-longrunning].

[Long-running operations]: https://google.aip.dev/151
[gcloud-longrunning]: https://crates.io/crates/gcloud-longrunning

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [Operations]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-longrunning/latest/google-cloud-longrunning)

[Operations]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-longrunning/latest/google_cloud_longrunning/client/struct.Operations.html
