src/generated/cloud/retail/v2/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Vertex AI Search for commerce API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**FEEDBACK WANTED:** We believe the APIs in this crate are stable, and
do not anticipate any breaking changes are needed. We are looking for
feedback before labeling the APIs "1.0". Changes (even breaking changes)
are still possible, but not expected.

We also believe the implementation is ready for production, bugs are
still possible, but not expected.

**WARNING:** some RPCs have no corresponding Rust function to call them.
Typically these are streaming RPCs. We expect adding these RPCs in a
way that does not break the existing APIs or changes their behavior in a
significant way. We do anticipate a number of new crate dependencies
will be required. If you need these RPCs please open an issue in our
GitHub repository.

Vertex AI Search for commerce API is made up of Retail Search, Browse and
Recommendations. These discovery AI solutions help you implement
personalized search, browse and recommendations, based on machine learning
models, across your websites and mobile applications.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [AnalyticsService]
- [CatalogService]
- [CompletionService]
- [ControlService]
- [ConversationalSearchService]
- [GenerativeQuestionService]
- [ModelService]
- [PredictionService]
- [ProductService]
- [SearchService]
- [ServingConfigService]
- [UserEventService]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google-cloud-retail-v2)

[AnalyticsService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.AnalyticsService.html
[CatalogService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.CatalogService.html
[CompletionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.CompletionService.html
[ControlService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ControlService.html
[ConversationalSearchService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ConversationalSearchService.html
[GenerativeQuestionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.GenerativeQuestionService.html
[ModelService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ModelService.html
[PredictionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.PredictionService.html
[ProductService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ProductService.html
[SearchService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.SearchService.html
[ServingConfigService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ServingConfigService.html
[UserEventService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.UserEventService.html

Commit message:

docs: declare all libraries as GA (#3186)

src/generated/cloud/retail/v2/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Vertex AI Search for commerce API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->


**WARNING:** some RPCs have no corresponding Rust function to call them.
Typically these are streaming RPCs. We expect adding these RPCs in a
way that does not break the existing APIs or changes their behavior in a
significant way. We do anticipate a number of new crate dependencies
will be required. If you need these RPCs please open an issue in our
GitHub repository.

Vertex AI Search for commerce API is made up of Retail Search, Browse and
Recommendations. These discovery AI solutions help you implement
personalized search, browse and recommendations, based on machine learning
models, across your websites and mobile applications.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [AnalyticsService]
- [CatalogService]
- [CompletionService]
- [ControlService]
- [ConversationalSearchService]
- [GenerativeQuestionService]
- [ModelService]
- [PredictionService]
- [ProductService]
- [SearchService]
- [ServingConfigService]
- [UserEventService]

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google-cloud-retail-v2)

[AnalyticsService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.AnalyticsService.html
[CatalogService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.CatalogService.html
[CompletionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.CompletionService.html
[ControlService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ControlService.html
[ConversationalSearchService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ConversationalSearchService.html
[GenerativeQuestionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.GenerativeQuestionService.html
[ModelService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ModelService.html
[PredictionService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.PredictionService.html
[ProductService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ProductService.html
[SearchService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.SearchService.html
[ServingConfigService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.ServingConfigService.html
[UserEventService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-retail-v2/latest/google_cloud_retail_v2/client/struct.UserEventService.html
