src/auth/integration-tests/README.md, before:

# Auth Integration Tests

## Running integration tests

### In `rust-auth-testing`

The resources needed should already exist. We can just run the tests.

```sh
env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=rust-auth-testing \
  cargo test --features run-integration-tests -p auth-integration-tests
```

### Workload Identity integration tests

These tests requires a more complex setup to run, like running from an Azure/AWS
VM and having Workload Identity Pools set up. For now, we only run those tests
locally and under a feature (`run-byoid-integration-tests`). Some extra
environment variables with the workload identity pool configuration are required
to run the tests.

```sh
env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=cloud-sdk-auth-test-project \
    GOOGLE_WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_SERVICE_ACCOUNT=[SERVICE ACCOUNT PLACEHOLDER] \
    GOOGLE_WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_OIDC_AUDIENCE=[AUDIENCE PLACEHOLDER] \
  cargo test run_workload_ --features run-integration-tests --features run-byoid-integration-tests -p auth-integration-tests
```

#### Rotating the service account key

Service account keys expire after 90 days, due to our org policy.

Rerunning terraform (after 60 days of key creation) will generate a new service
account key, and save it as the `test-sa-creds-json` secret.

```sh
cd ${HOME}/google-cloud-rust/src/auth/.gcb/builds
terraform plan -out="/tmp/builds.plan"
terraform apply "/tmp/builds.plan"
```

### In your own test project

#### Create the test resources

Set your test project

```sh
PROJECT=$(gcloud config get project)
```

Create test service accounts. Our terraform configuration expects these to
already exist, for org policy reasons.

```sh
gcloud iam service-accounts create test-sa-creds \
    --display-name "Principal for testing service account credentials"
```

Navigate to the terraform root. For example:

```sh
cd ${HOME}/google-cloud-rust/src/auth/.gcb/builds
```

The terraform state for `rust-auth-testing` is stored in a GCS bucket. We tell
terraform to use a local backend when using our test project.

Override backend, and reinitialize terraform:

```sh
cat > backend_override.tf <<EOF
terraform {
  backend "local" {
    path = "${HOME}/${PROJECT}-rust-auth.tfstate"
  }
}
EOF
terraform init -reconfigure
```

Create the test resources only. We skip over any GCB set up which is irrelevant
to a test project.

```sh
terraform plan \
    -var="project=${PROJECT}" \
    -out="/tmp/builds.plan" \
    -target="module.api_key_test" \
    -target="module.service_account_test"

terraform apply "/tmp/builds.plan"
```

Run the tests:

```sh
env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=${PROJECT} \
    cargo test --features run-integration-tests -p auth-integration-tests
```

If you are done with the resources, you can destroy them with:

```sh
terraform plan \
    -var="project=${PROJECT}" \
    -out="/tmp/builds.plan" \
    -target="module.api_key_test" \
    -target="module.service_account_test" \
    -destroy

terraform apply "/tmp/builds.plan"
```

## Test design

For access token credentials, there are integration tests for each type of
principal (service account, authorized user, etc.).

For each principal we have:

- a secret in [SecretManager] containing the [ADC] JSON for this principal
  - the test runner service account can access this
  - so can any owners in the GCP project
- a secret in [SecretManager] containing test data
  - the test runner service account **cannot** access this
  - only the principal can access this secret

The steps in the test are:

1. The principal running the build pulls the ADC JSON from SecretManager.
1. We create a credentials object from the ADC JSON.
1. We create a SecretManager client using these credentials.
1. We use this client to access the principal-specific secret.

[adc]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials
[secretmanager]: https://cloud.google.com/security/products/secret-manager

Commit message:

cleanup(auth): enable byoid tests in gcb build (#2612)

src/auth/integration-tests/README.md, after:

# Auth Integration Tests

## Running integration tests

### In `rust-auth-testing`

The resources needed should already exist. We can just run the tests.

```sh
env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=rust-auth-testing \
  cargo test --features run-integration-tests -p auth-integration-tests
```

### Workload Identity integration tests

These tests use service account impersonation to generate an OIDC ID token for a
service account in a different project (`rust-auth-testing-joonix`). This ID
token acts as the source credential for testing WIF flow.

To run these tests locally, first, ensure your local Application Default
Credentials are up to date by running:

```sh
gcloud auth application-default login
```

Then, set the following environment variables and run the tests:

```sh
env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=rust-auth-testing-joonix
    EXTERNAL_ACCOUNT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL=testsa@rust-auth-testing-joonix.iam.gserviceaccount.com
    GOOGLE_WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_OIDC_AUDIENCE=//iam.googleapis.com/projects/246645052938/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/google-idp/providers/google-idp
  cargo test run_workload_ --features run-integration-tests --features run-byoid-integration-tests -p auth-integration-tests
```

#### Rotating the service account key

Service account keys expire after 90 days, due to our org policy.

Rerunning terraform (after 60 days of key creation) will generate a new service
account key, and save it as the `test-sa-creds-json` secret.

```sh
cd ${HOME}/google-cloud-rust/src/auth/.gcb/builds
terraform plan -out="/tmp/builds.plan"
terraform apply "/tmp/builds.plan"
```

### In your own test project

#### Create the test resources

Set your test project

```sh
PROJECT=$(gcloud config get project)
```

Create test service accounts. Our terraform configuration expects these to
already exist, for org policy reasons.

```sh
gcloud iam service-accounts create test-sa-creds \
    --display-name "Principal for testing service account credentials"
```

Navigate to the terraform root. For example:

```sh
cd ${HOME}/google-cloud-rust/src/auth/.gcb/builds
```

The terraform state for `rust-auth-testing` is stored in a GCS bucket. We tell
terraform to use a local backend when using our test project.

Override backend, and reinitialize terraform:

```sh
cat > backend_override.tf <<EOF
terraform {
  backend "local" {
    path = "${HOME}/${PROJECT}-rust-auth.tfstate"
  }
}
EOF
terraform init -reconfigure
```

Create the test resources only. We skip over any GCB set up which is irrelevant
to a test project.

```sh
terraform plan \
    -var="project=${PROJECT}" \
    -out="/tmp/builds.plan" \
    -target="module.api_key_test" \
    -target="module.service_account_test"

terraform apply "/tmp/builds.plan"
```

Run the tests:

```sh
env GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=${PROJECT} \
    cargo test --features run-integration-tests -p auth-integration-tests
```

If you are done with the resources, you can destroy them with:

```sh
terraform plan \
    -var="project=${PROJECT}" \
    -out="/tmp/builds.plan" \
    -target="module.api_key_test" \
    -target="module.service_account_test" \
    -destroy

terraform apply "/tmp/builds.plan"
```

## Test design

For access token credentials, there are integration tests for each type of
principal (service account, authorized user, etc.).

For each principal we have:

- a secret in [SecretManager] containing the [ADC] JSON for this principal
  - the test runner service account can access this
  - so can any owners in the GCP project
- a secret in [SecretManager] containing test data
  - the test runner service account **cannot** access this
  - only the principal can access this secret

The steps in the test are:

1. The principal running the build pulls the ADC JSON from SecretManager.
1. We create a credentials object from the ADC JSON.
1. We create a SecretManager client using these credentials.
1. We use this client to access the principal-specific secret.

[adc]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials
[secretmanager]: https://cloud.google.com/security/products/secret-manager
