# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - AlloyDB API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

AlloyDB for PostgreSQL is an open source-compatible database service that
provides a powerful option for migrating, modernizing, or building
commercial-grade applications. It offers full compatibility with standard
PostgreSQL, and is more than 4x faster for transactional workloads and up
to 100x faster for analytical queries than standard PostgreSQL in our
performance tests. AlloyDB for PostgreSQL offers a 99.99 percent
availability SLA inclusive of maintenance. <br><br> AlloyDB is optimized
for the most demanding use cases, allowing you to build new applications
that require high transaction throughput, large database sizes, or
multiple read resources; scale existing PostgreSQL workloads with no
application changes; and modernize legacy proprietary databases.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [AlloyDBCSQLAdmin]
- [AlloyDBAdmin]

## Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([ring]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [aws-lc-rs])
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-alloydb-v1/1.5.0)

[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[AlloyDBCSQLAdmin]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-alloydb-v1/1.5.0/google_cloud_alloydb_v1/client/struct.AlloyDBCSQLAdmin.html
[AlloyDBAdmin]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-alloydb-v1/1.5.0/google_cloud_alloydb_v1/client/struct.AlloyDBAdmin.html
