# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Timeseries Insights API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

Provides a Timeseries Insights service which operates over time series
data. Users can perform time series spike, trend, and anomaly detection.
With a straightforward API and easy to understand results, the service
makes it simple to gather insights from large amounts of time series data
(e.g. monitoring datasets) and integrate these insights in their
applications.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [TimeseriesInsightsController]

## Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([ring]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [aws-lc-rs])
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-timeseriesinsights-v1/1.4.0)

[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[TimeseriesInsightsController]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-timeseriesinsights-v1/1.4.0/google_cloud_timeseriesinsights_v1/client/struct.TimeseriesInsightsController.html
