src/generated/cloud/compute/v1/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Google Compute Engine API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->


Creates and runs virtual machines on Google Cloud Platform. 

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [Images]: enabled by the `images` feature.
- [MachineTypes]: enabled by the `machine-types` feature.
- [Zones]: enabled by the `zones` feature.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google-cloud-compute-v1)

[Images]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google_cloud_compute_v1/client/struct.Images.html
[MachineTypes]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google_cloud_compute_v1/client/struct.MachineTypes.html
[Zones]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google_cloud_compute_v1/client/struct.Zones.html

Commit message:

feat(compute/v1): enable `instances` service (#3425)

src/generated/cloud/compute/v1/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Google Compute Engine API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->


Creates and runs virtual machines on Google Cloud Platform. 

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [Images]: enabled by the `images` feature.
- [Instances]: enabled by the `instances` feature.
- [MachineTypes]: enabled by the `machine-types` feature.
- [ZoneOperations]: enabled by the `zone-operations` feature.
- [Zones]: enabled by the `zones` feature.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google-cloud-compute-v1)

[Images]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google_cloud_compute_v1/client/struct.Images.html
[Instances]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google_cloud_compute_v1/client/struct.Instances.html
[MachineTypes]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google_cloud_compute_v1/client/struct.MachineTypes.html
[ZoneOperations]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google_cloud_compute_v1/client/struct.ZoneOperations.html
[Zones]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-compute-v1/latest/google_cloud_compute_v1/client/struct.Zones.html
