# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Data Analytics API with Gemini

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**WARNING:** some RPCs have no corresponding Rust function to call them.
Typically these are streaming RPCs. We expect adding these RPCs in a
way that does not break the existing APIs or changes their behavior in a
significant way. We do anticipate a number of new crate dependencies
will be required. If you need these RPCs please open an issue in our
GitHub repository.

The Gemini Data Analytics API enables developers to build intelligent data
analytics applications. Leverage AI-powered chat interfaces to allow users
to interact with and analyze structured data using natural language.

The client library types and functions are stable and not expected to change.
Please note that Google Cloud services do change from time to time. The client
libraries are designed to preserve backwards compatibility when the service
changes in compatible ways. For example, adding RPCs, or fields to messages
should not introduce breaking changes to the client libraries.

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [DataAgentService]
- [DataChatService]

## Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([aws-lc-rs]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [ring] crate)
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::crypto::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-geminidataanalytics-v1/1.1.0)

[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[DataAgentService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-geminidataanalytics-v1/1.1.0/google_cloud_geminidataanalytics_v1/client/struct.DataAgentService.html
[DataChatService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-geminidataanalytics-v1/1.1.0/google_cloud_geminidataanalytics_v1/client/struct.DataChatService.html
