guide/src/SUMMARY.md, before:

<!-- 
Copyright 2025 Google LLC

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Summary

- [Introduction](introduction.md)
- [Setting up your development environment](setting_up_your_development_environment.md)
- [Setting up Rust on Cloud Shell](setting_up_rust_on_cloud_shell.md)
- [How to initialize a client](initialize_a_client.md)
- [Generate text using the Vertex AI Gemini API](generate_text_using_the_vertex_ai_gemini_api.md)
- [Using Google Cloud Storage](storage.md)
  - [Push data on object writes](storage/queue.md)
  - [Rewriting objects](storage/rewrite_object.md)
  - [Speed up large object downloads](storage/striped_downloads.md)
  - [Use errors to terminate uploads](storage/terminate_uploads.md)
- [Update a resource using a field mask](update_resource.md)
- [Configuring retry policies](configuring_retry_policies.md)
- [Error handling](error_handling.md)
- [Examine error details](examine_error_details.md)
- [Handling binding errors](binding_errors.md)
- [Working with list operations](pagination.md)
- [Working with long-running operations](working_with_long_running_operations.md)
- [Configuring polling policies](configuring_polling_policies.md)
- [How to write tests using a client](mock_a_client.md)
- [How to write tests for long-running operations](mocking_lros.md)
- [Working with enums](working_with_enums.md)

Commit message:

docs(storage): user guide for mocking `Storage`

guide/src/SUMMARY.md, after:

<!-- 
Copyright 2025 Google LLC

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Summary

- [Introduction](introduction.md)
- [Setting up your development environment](setting_up_your_development_environment.md)
- [Setting up Rust on Cloud Shell](setting_up_rust_on_cloud_shell.md)
- [How to initialize a client](initialize_a_client.md)
- [Generate text using the Vertex AI Gemini API](generate_text_using_the_vertex_ai_gemini_api.md)
- [Using Google Cloud Storage](storage.md)
  - [Push data on object writes](storage/queue.md)
  - [Rewriting objects](storage/rewrite_object.md)
  - [Speed up large object downloads](storage/striped_downloads.md)
  - [Use errors to terminate uploads](storage/terminate_uploads.md)
  - [How to write tests using the Storage client](storage/mocking.md)
- [Update a resource using a field mask](update_resource.md)
- [Configuring retry policies](configuring_retry_policies.md)
- [Error handling](error_handling.md)
- [Examine error details](examine_error_details.md)
- [Handling binding errors](binding_errors.md)
- [Working with list operations](pagination.md)
- [Working with long-running operations](working_with_long_running_operations.md)
- [Configuring polling policies](configuring_polling_policies.md)
- [How to write tests using a client](mock_a_client.md)
- [How to write tests for long-running operations](mocking_lros.md)
- [Working with enums](working_with_enums.md)
