src/auth/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Authentication

This crate contains types and functions used to authenticate applications on
Google Cloud. The SDK clients consume an implementation of
[credentials::Credentials] and use these credentials to authenticate RPCs issued
by the application.

[Authentication methods at Google] is a good introduction on the topic of
authentication for Google Cloud services and other Google products. The guide
also describes the common terminology used with authentication, such as
[Principals], [Tokens], and [Credentials].

> This crate used to contain a different implementation, with a different
> surface. [@yoshidan](https://github.com/yoshidan) generously donated the crate
> name to Google. Their crate continues to live as [gcloud-auth].

# Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. This feature selects a default
  crypto provider and trusted root certificate selection for TLS. Applications
  that have specific requirements for TLS (such as exclusively using the
  [aws-lc-rs], or [ring] crates) should disable this default and configure the
  `reqwest` crate features to fit their needs.
- `idtoken`: disabled by default, this feature enables support to create and
  verify [OIDC ID Tokens].
- `default-idtoken-backend`: enabled by default, this feature enables a default
  backend for the `idtoken` feature. Currently the feature is implemented using
  the [jsonwebtoken] crate and uses `rust_crypto` as its default backend. We may
  change the default backend at any time, applications that have specific needs
  for this backend should not rely on the current default. To control the
  backend selection:
  - Configure this crate with `default-features = false`, and
    `features = ["idtoken"]`
  - Select the desired backend for `jsonwebtoken`.

[authentication methods at google]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication
[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[credentials]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication#credentials
[credentials::credentials]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-auth/latest/google_cloud_auth/credentials/struct.Credentials.html
[gcloud-auth]: https://crates.io/crates/gcloud-auth
[jsonwebtoken]: https://crates.io/crates/jsonwebtoken
[oidc id tokens]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/token-types#identity-tokens
[principals]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication#principal
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[tokens]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication#token

Commit message:

docs: default `rustls` crypto provider changes
With the update to `reqwest` 0.13 the default crypto provider changes to
`aws-lc-rs`. Update all the documentation to reflect this change.

src/auth/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Authentication

This crate contains types and functions used to authenticate applications on
Google Cloud. The SDK clients consume an implementation of
[credentials::Credentials] and use these credentials to authenticate RPCs issued
by the application.

[Authentication methods at Google] is a good introduction on the topic of
authentication for Google Cloud services and other Google products. The guide
also describes the common terminology used with authentication, such as
[Principals], [Tokens], and [Credentials].

> This crate used to contain a different implementation, with a different
> surface. [@yoshidan](https://github.com/yoshidan) generously donated the crate
> name to Google. Their crate continues to live as [gcloud-auth].

# Features

- `default-rustls-provider`: enabled by default. Use the default rustls crypto
  provider ([aws-lc-rs]) for TLS and authentication. Applications with specific
  requirements for cryptography (such as exclusively using the [ring] crate)
  should disable this default and call
  `rustls::CryptoProvider::install_default()`.
- `idtoken`: disabled by default, this feature enables support to create and
  verify [OIDC ID Tokens].
- `default-idtoken-backend`: enabled by default, this feature enables a default
  backend for the `idtoken` feature. Currently the feature is implemented using
  the [jsonwebtoken] crate and uses `aws-lc-rs` as its default backend. We may
  change the default backend at any time, applications that have specific needs
  for this backend should not rely on the current default. To control the
  backend selection:
  - Configure this crate with `default-features = false`, and
    `features = ["idtoken"]`
  - Select the desired backend for `jsonwebtoken`.

[authentication methods at google]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication
[aws-lc-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/aws-lc-rs
[credentials]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication#credentials
[credentials::credentials]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-auth/latest/google_cloud_auth/credentials/struct.Credentials.html
[gcloud-auth]: https://crates.io/crates/gcloud-auth
[jsonwebtoken]: https://crates.io/crates/jsonwebtoken
[oidc id tokens]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/token-types#identity-tokens
[principals]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication#principal
[ring]: https://crates.io/crates/ring
[tokens]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication#token
