src/generated/cloud/dialogflow/cx/v3/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Dialogflow API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**WARNING:** this crate is under active development. We expect multiple breaking
changes in the upcoming releases. Testing is also incomplete, we do **not**
recommend that you use this crate in production. We welcome feedback about the
APIs, documentation, missing features, bugs, etc.

Builds conversational interfaces (for example, chatbots, and voice-powered
apps and devices).

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [Agents]: enabled by the `agents` feature.
- [Changelogs]: enabled by the `changelogs` feature.
- [Deployments]: enabled by the `deployments` feature.
- [EntityTypes]: enabled by the `entity-types` feature.
- [Environments]: enabled by the `environments` feature.
- [Experiments]: enabled by the `experiments` feature.
- [Flows]: enabled by the `flows` feature.
- [Generators]: enabled by the `generators` feature.
- [Intents]: enabled by the `intents` feature.
- [Pages]: enabled by the `pages` feature.
- [SecuritySettingsService]: enabled by the `security-settings-service` feature.
- [Sessions]: enabled by the `sessions` feature.
- [SessionEntityTypes]: enabled by the `session-entity-types` feature.
- [TestCases]: enabled by the `test-cases` feature.
- [TransitionRouteGroups]: enabled by the `transition-route-groups` feature.
- [Versions]: enabled by the `versions` feature.
- [Webhooks]: enabled by the `webhooks` feature.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3)

[Agents]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Agents.html
[Changelogs]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Changelogs.html
[Deployments]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Deployments.html
[EntityTypes]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.EntityTypes.html
[Environments]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Environments.html
[Experiments]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Experiments.html
[Flows]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Flows.html
[Generators]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Generators.html
[Intents]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Intents.html
[Pages]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Pages.html
[SecuritySettingsService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.SecuritySettingsService.html
[Sessions]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Sessions.html
[SessionEntityTypes]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.SessionEntityTypes.html
[TestCases]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.TestCases.html
[TransitionRouteGroups]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.TransitionRouteGroups.html
[Versions]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Versions.html
[Webhooks]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Webhooks.html

Commit message:

impl(generator): update generate crate docs (#2490)
Most crates are stable and complete, and their implementation is tested.
Update the generated docs to say so.

src/generated/cloud/dialogflow/cx/v3/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Client Libraries for Rust - Dialogflow API

<!-- Code generated by sidekick. DO NOT EDIT. -->

**FEEDBACK WANTED:** We believe the APIs in this crate are stable, and
do not anticipate any breaking changes are needed. We are looking for
feedback before labeling the APIs "1.0". Changes (even breaking changes)
are still possible, but not expected.

We also believe the implementation is ready for production, bugs are
still possible, but not expected.

**WARNING:** some RPCs have no corresponding Rust function to call them.
Typically these are streaming RPCs. We expect adding these RPCs in a
way that does not break the existing APIs or changes their behavior in a
significant way. We do anticipate a number of new crate dependencies
will be required. If you need these RPCs please open an issue in our
GitHub repository.

Builds conversational interfaces (for example, chatbots, and voice-powered
apps and devices).

## Quickstart

The main types to work with this crate are the clients:

- [Agents]: enabled by the `agents` feature.
- [Changelogs]: enabled by the `changelogs` feature.
- [Deployments]: enabled by the `deployments` feature.
- [EntityTypes]: enabled by the `entity-types` feature.
- [Environments]: enabled by the `environments` feature.
- [Experiments]: enabled by the `experiments` feature.
- [Flows]: enabled by the `flows` feature.
- [Generators]: enabled by the `generators` feature.
- [Intents]: enabled by the `intents` feature.
- [Pages]: enabled by the `pages` feature.
- [SecuritySettingsService]: enabled by the `security-settings-service` feature.
- [Sessions]: enabled by the `sessions` feature.
- [SessionEntityTypes]: enabled by the `session-entity-types` feature.
- [TestCases]: enabled by the `test-cases` feature.
- [TransitionRouteGroups]: enabled by the `transition-route-groups` feature.
- [Versions]: enabled by the `versions` feature.
- [Webhooks]: enabled by the `webhooks` feature.

## More Information

- Read the [crate's documentation](https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3)

[Agents]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Agents.html
[Changelogs]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Changelogs.html
[Deployments]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Deployments.html
[EntityTypes]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.EntityTypes.html
[Environments]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Environments.html
[Experiments]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Experiments.html
[Flows]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Flows.html
[Generators]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Generators.html
[Intents]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Intents.html
[Pages]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Pages.html
[SecuritySettingsService]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.SecuritySettingsService.html
[Sessions]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Sessions.html
[SessionEntityTypes]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.SessionEntityTypes.html
[TestCases]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.TestCases.html
[TransitionRouteGroups]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.TransitionRouteGroups.html
[Versions]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Versions.html
[Webhooks]: https://docs.rs/google-cloud-dialogflow-cx-v3/latest/google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3/client/struct.Webhooks.html
